Document heat transfer kernels. (#29646)
idaholab/moose: modules/heat_transfer/doc/content/source/kernels/ADHeatConduction.md

## Description

`ADHeatConduction` is the implementation of [HeatConduction](/HeatConduction.md) within the framework of [!ac](AD). Please see the [HeatConduction](/HeatConduction.md) documentation for more information.

> For this object, the diffusion coefficient can either be an `ADMaterial` or traditional `Material`, though the Jacobian will be perfect if using an `ADMaterial`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this object, the [!param](Kernels/ADHeatConduction/thermal_conductivity) must be an AD material property. 
```

Reviewer: There is really no such thing as an `ADMaterial`. Any given `Material` may define both non-AD and AD material properties

## Example Input File Syntax

The case demonstrates the use of `ADHeatConduction` where the

> diffusion coefficient (thermal conductivity) is defined by an [ADGenericConstantMaterial](ADGenericConstantMaterial.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!param](Kernels/ADHeatConduction/thermal_conductivity) is defined by an [ADGenericConstantMaterial](GenericConstantMaterial.md)
```
